## Updates
- Discovered the bottleneck that is making the code so slow (PySHACL).
- Added an argument to allow users to allow Pyshacl or not.
- Checked with other cityjson files, and it looks like the code is correct for anything but Netherlands cities, probably because their geometric validity is not high, as mentioned in [CityJSON](https://www.cityjson.org/datasets/).
- PySHACL remains a serious bottleneck (with NY, it was more than 2 hours and still didn't finish without it; it's approx. 2 minutes!).
- Code clean-up (commented and annotated)
- Cityjson ----> CityJSON
- Reformatted code to use Shapely to generate wkt rather than manually constructing the wkt string.
- Added Solid, MultiSolid, and CompositeSolid to the ontology, SHACL, and conversion code.
- Implemented convexhull calculation for Solids.
- Opted to use projection without convexhull due to the output not being good.
- Found additional CityJSON data to test, mainly for the city of Helsinki (Finland).
- Used citygmal to convert gml files to CityJSON. It seems to work fine, but I get a warning when I check the validity of the file, and I can convert it using my tool, but WKT doesn't work well.
- Tools work very well and fast with the Helsinki, New York, Inglostadt, and Montreal datasets. The only downside is the file size.
- Discoverd a bug. I wasn't converting and writing all the geometries, only the first one. Now it's fixed.

## Questions & Concerns
- File size increases a lot (NY from 100 MB to 1.7 GB!).
- PySHACL (is validation at this step needed ?) Maybe add it as a parameter and make it a user's choice ?
- Should I include semantics and appearance ?
- Should I remove the convex hull part ?
- Cannot test MultiSolid and CompositeSolid thoroughly due to a lack of data. What can I do ? (Currently tested on the sample files provided on [CityJSON](https://www.cityjson.org/datasets/))
- Shapely converts MultiPoints and MultiLinestring into wkt with 3D automatically. Currently, I remove it and make it only 2D. Should I keep it ?
- Noticed that no one at all uses composites in general, as well as MultiPoint, and MultiLineString.


